Drop EL7 from nightly (#2001)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/3.3.1_rpm_packages.md

Foreman is packaged for the following RPM based distributions:

* RHEL and derivatives, version 8

> **Note:** The RPM packages are not tested on Scientific Linux or Oracle Linux. The Foreman installation on Scientific Linux or Oracle Linux may or may not work.

Reviewer: Scientific Linux never released version 8 so the mention can be dropped or replaced by Rocky Linux
```suggestion
**Note:** The RPM packages are not tested on Rocky Linux or Oracle Linux. The Foreman installation on Rocky Linux or Oracle Linux may or may not work.
```

### Release packages

To set up the repository, foreman-release packages are provided which add a repo definition to `/etc/yum.repos.d`. Install the release RPM and enable the module:

    # EL8

>     dnf localinstall https://yum.theforeman.org/releases/{{page.version}}/el8/x86_64/foreman-release.rpm

Reviewer: `localinstall` is deprecated in EL8 and now an alias for `install`. From `man dnf`:

```
   Install Command
       Command: install
       Aliases: in
       Aliases for explicit NEVRA matching: install-n, install-na, install-nevra
       Deprecated aliases: localinstall
```

```suggestion
    dnf install https://yum.theforeman.org/releases/{{page.version}}/el8/x86_64/foreman-release.rpm
```

> To set up the repository, foreman-release packages are provided which add a repo definition to `/etc/yum.repos.d`.  Install the appropriate release RPM from these lists:

Reviewer: It's no longer really a list, is it? Perhaps we should also mention the module enablement:
```suggestion
To set up the repository, foreman-release packages are provided which add a repo definition to `/etc/yum.repos.d`.  Install the release RPM and enable the module:
```
